README.md, before:

elizabrock.com
--------------

## Development Setup

This site is generated by [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/). [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org) is required to install/run Jekyll.

1. `bundle install` to install development dependencies.

You may need to `gem install bundler` if the `bundle` command is unavailable.

## Running Locally

Run `jekyll serve --watch` in the root of the project.


## Deploying

1. All code on master is automatically deployed by GitHub once it has been pushed to GitHub.

## 2020 Personal Site Updates TODO

1. ✔ Update dependencies
2. ✔ Set up SEO-friendly redirect from elizabrock.com to elizamarcum.com
3. ✔ Set up github pages to use elizamarcum.com instead of elizabrock.com
5. ✔ Update markup (\_includes, \_layouts, \*.md)
6. ✔ Add jekyll seo plugin
7. ✔ Add jekyll sitemap
8. Set up Google analytics snippet
9. ✔ Update content
  1. ✔ Headshot
  2. ✔ Bio
  3. ✔ Skill list
  4. ✔ Resume
6. ✔ Styling, from scratch with new color scheme
  * ✔ General
  * ✔ Don't forget about the 404 page
7. ✔ Perhaps a little rewriting of git history before moving this branch to master
8. Run spell check
9. Check on TOODs
10. Eliminate unused CSS variables
11. Remove commented out CSS
12. Relaunch personal site (by pushing this branch to master)
4. Update personal URL on:
  * LinkedIn
  * GitHub
  * Twitter
13. Refine the merely acceptable status of the design implementation:
  *  Have navigation mark the current section
14. Set up SEO-friendly redirect from elizabrocksoftware.com to elizamarcum.com
15. Use [jekyll-redirect-from](https://rubygems.org/gems/jekyll-redirect-from) to set up canonical URLs for the old EBS pages
16. Cancel Squarespace for elizabrocksoftware.com
17. Take a final pass at my resume to be sure it includes all the cool stuff from my website
18. Update GitHub settings to force https

## Future Improvements

1. Try implementing the skill chart I protoyped here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-uCwT-ZM0ja8sknY5MjIQfv_uhB6QSa7uFVcxWzDC1c/edit#gid=0
1. Look in Google Search Console
2. More Styling
  * Make the nav look better at the in-between sizes
2. Update favicon with new blue color (remember favicon.io)
3. Syntax Highlighting?

Commit message:

Update TODO list in README

README.md, after:

elizabrock.com
--------------

## Development Setup

This site is generated by [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/). [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org) is required to install/run Jekyll.

1. `bundle install` to install development dependencies.

You may need to `gem install bundler` if the `bundle` command is unavailable.

## Running Locally

Run `jekyll serve --watch` in the root of the project.


## Deploying

1. All code on master is automatically deployed by GitHub once it has been pushed to GitHub.

## 2020 Personal Site Updates TODO

1. ✔ Update dependencies
2. ✔ Set up SEO-friendly redirect from elizabrock.com to elizamarcum.com
3. ✔ Set up github pages to use elizamarcum.com instead of elizabrock.com
5. ✔ Update markup (\_includes, \_layouts, \*.md)
6. ✔ Add jekyll seo plugin
7. ✔ Add jekyll sitemap
8. ✔ Set up Google analytics snippet
9. ✔ Update content
  1. ✔ Headshot
  2. ✔ Bio
  3. ✔ Skill list
  4. ✔ Resume
6. ✔ Styling, from scratch with new color scheme
  * ✔ General
  * ✔ Don't forget about the 404 page
7. ✔ Perhaps a little rewriting of git history before moving this branch to master
8. Run spell check
10. Move Primitive to the vendor folder
9. Check on TODOs
10. Eliminate unused CSS variables
11. Remove commented out CSS
12. Update updated\ats so that the sitemap will be accurate
12. Relaunch personal site (by pushing this branch to master)
4. Update personal URL on:
  * LinkedIn
  * GitHub
  * Twitter
13. Refine the merely acceptable status of the design implementation:
  *  Have navigation mark the current section
14. Set up SEO-friendly redirect from elizabrocksoftware.com to elizamarcum.com
15. Use [jekyll-redirect-from](https://rubygems.org/gems/jekyll-redirect-from) to set up canonical URLs for the old EBS pages
16. Cancel Squarespace for elizabrocksoftware.com
17. Take a final pass at my resume to be sure it includes all the cool stuff from my website
18. Update GitHub settings to force https

## Future Improvements

1. Try implementing the skill chart I protoyped here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-uCwT-ZM0ja8sknY5MjIQfv_uhB6QSa7uFVcxWzDC1c/edit#gid=0
1. Look in Google Search Console
2. More Styling
  * Make the nav look better at the in-between sizes
2. Update favicon with new blue color (remember favicon.io)
3. Syntax Highlighting?
